help basics
Here is a list of some basic commands:
"help": see a list of help options
"look": look around the room
"go north": move north
"go south": move south
"go east": move east
"go west": move west
"open door" or "open the door": open the door in the current room
"close door" or "close the door": close the door in the current room
"unlock door" or "unlock the door": unlock the door in the current room
"lock door" or "lock the door": lock the door in the current room
"quit": exit the game

help
Topics you can get help on:
"Help Basics": A list of basic commands.
"Help Commands": A longer list of commands.

help commands
Here is a longer list of commands:
"take key" or "take the key": take the key in the current room and place it in inventory
"take name of food": take the food item that you specified and put it in inventory 
"take name of treasure": take the treasure item that you specified and put it in your treasure bag
"take map": take the map
"take name of treasure bag": take the specified treasure bag
"open cabinet" or "open the cabinet": open the cabinet in the current room
"check inventory": prints a menu that will display your inventory 
"check treasure in bag": prints a list of the treasure in your treasure bag
"check treasure in room": prints a list of the treasure in the treasure room if you are in the treasure room
"remove name of treasure": removes the specified treasure from your treasure bag
"check loot success": indicates whether you looted the total maximum value of treasure given the size of your treasure bag
"use map": prints the shortest path from your current room to every other room on the map
"take map": take a map and add it to your inventory

spider trap
Each of the spider threads has a number associated with it. That number is the likelihood 
of removing the thread without waking a spider. The higher the number, the greater the chance of 
success. When you are done removing threads, the remaining web must have the following properties. 
If it doesn't have these properties the spiders will wake when you try to escape.
1. All pairs of spiders must have at least one thread that connects them. 
2. The total (or summed) likelihood of removing the remaining threads in the spider web is as small as possible. 
3. There are no threads that start at a spider and circle back to that same spider. If there are, the integrity of 
the spider web will be compromised, and the spiders and you will fall when you try to escape.
Here are some helpful commands:
1. "examine web" : see a list of the spiders, the threads that connect them, and the likelihood of successfully removing
those threads
2. "see instructions": see these instructions again
3. "remove thread": remove a thread in the spider web
4. "escape" : try to escape from the spider web
5. "hint": to receive a hint (you get three)
